Add info regarding creating new repos (#6)
eiffel-community/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

> Copyright 2018-2019 Ericsson AB and others.  
> For a full list of individual contributors, please see the commit history.

## How to Create a New Eiffel Repository

> In order to promote similar process and handling across the community, new Eiffel repositories are created by coping the contents of the eiffel-repository-template (https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-repository-template), then following the guidelines given in that repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to promote a similar process and handling across the community, new Eiffel repositories should be created by copying the contents of the eiffel-repository-template (https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-repository-template), then follow the guidelines given in that repository.
```
